---
title: Set up HoloLens in a commercial environment
description: Learn more about deploying and managing HoloLens in enterprise environments.
ms.prod: hololens
ms.sitesec: library
ms.assetid: 88bf50aa-0bac-4142-afa4-20b37c013001
author: scooley
ms.author: scooley
ms.reviewer: aboeger
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: article
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.date: 09/30/2020
ms.openlocfilehash: b7523b8ab38cfc37795ea6c99f9b22953baffe47
ms.sourcegitcommit: 30e910348f5d5b68e914219c8eadb34d93770eab
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: it-IT
ms.lasthandoff: 10/06/2020
ms.locfileid: "11099805"
---
# <span data-ttu-id="22d85-103">HoloLens 2 enterprise deployment and management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-103">HoloLens 2 enterprise deployment and management</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-104">This overview is intended to help IT professionals understand considerations for deploying and managing Microsoft HoloLens 2 devices within the enterprise.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-104">This overview is intended to help IT professionals understand considerations for deploying and managing Microsoft HoloLens 2 devices within the enterprise.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-105">HoloLens 2 runs on Windows 10 Holographic which provides organizations with robust, flexible, built-in mobile device and app management technologies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-105">HoloLens 2 runs on Windows 10 Holographic which provides organizations with robust, flexible, built-in mobile device and app management technologies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-106">Windows 10 Holographic supports end-to-end device lifecycle management to give companies control over their devices, data, and apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-106">Windows 10 Holographic supports end-to-end device lifecycle management to give companies control over their devices, data, and apps.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-107">The HoloLens 2 can easily be incorporated into standard lifecycle practices, from device enrollment, configuration, and application management to maintenance and retirement using a comprehensive mobile device management solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-107">The HoloLens 2 can easily be incorporated into standard lifecycle practices, from device enrollment, configuration, and application management to maintenance and retirement using a comprehensive mobile device management solution.</span></span>

## <span data-ttu-id="22d85-108">Prepare</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-108">Prepare</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-109">As you prepare to deploy HoloLens 2 to your corporate enterprise environment, there are several considerations that should be reviewed and understood as you begin to plan for scale deployments of HoloLens 2.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-109">As you prepare to deploy HoloLens 2 to your corporate enterprise environment, there are several considerations that should be reviewed and understood as you begin to plan for scale deployments of HoloLens 2.</span></span>

### <span data-ttu-id="22d85-110">Infrastructure Essentials</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-110">Infrastructure Essentials</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-111">For HoloLens 2 in a corporate enterprise deployment scenario, there are certain essential infrastructure services required to support the full set of capabilities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-111">For HoloLens 2 in a corporate enterprise deployment scenario, there are certain essential infrastructure services required to support the full set of capabilities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-112">HoloLens 2 was built with [Modern Mobile Device Management](https://www.microsoft.com/itshowcase/managing-windows-10-devices-with-microsoft-intune) in mind for deployment and management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-112">HoloLens 2 was built with [Modern Mobile Device Management](https://www.microsoft.com/itshowcase/managing-windows-10-devices-with-microsoft-intune) in mind for deployment and management.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-113">With Azure AD Join + MDM as the primary means of achieving that in an ever-increasing mobile workforce.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-113">With Azure AD Join + MDM as the primary means of achieving that in an ever-increasing mobile workforce.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-114">The below topics provide a brief overview of each infrastructure component that should be considered in your deployment planning for HoloLens 2.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-114">The below topics provide a brief overview of each infrastructure component that should be considered in your deployment planning for HoloLens 2.</span></span>

### <span data-ttu-id="22d85-115">Azure Active Directory</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-115">Azure Active Directory</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="22d85-116">Azure AD is a cloud-based directory service that provides identity and access management.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-116">Azure AD is a cloud-based directory service that provides identity and access management.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-117">You can integrate it with existing on-premises directories to create a hybrid identity solution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-117">You can integrate it with existing on-premises directories to create a hybrid identity solution.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-118">Organizations that use Microsoft Office 365 or Intune are already using Azure AD, which has three editions: Free, Premium P1, and Premium P2 (see [Azure Active Directory editions](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/active-directory-editions/)).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-118">Organizations that use Microsoft Office 365 or Intune are already using Azure AD, which has three editions: Free, Premium P1, and Premium P2 (see [Azure Active Directory editions](https://azure.microsoft.com/documentation/articles/active-directory-editions/)).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-119">All editions support Azure AD device registration, but Premium P1 is required to enable MDM auto-enrollment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-119">All editions support Azure AD device registration, but Premium P1 is required to enable MDM auto-enrollment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-120">HoloLens 2 requires Azure Active Directory Join to enable most enterprise level features and functionality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-120">HoloLens 2 requires Azure Active Directory Join to enable most enterprise level features and functionality.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-121">On premises Active Directory Join is not supported on HoloLens 2.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-121">On premises Active Directory Join is not supported on HoloLens 2.</span></span>

### <span data-ttu-id="22d85-122">Mobile Device Management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-122">Mobile Device Management</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="22d85-123">HoloLens 2 is designed specifically to be managed by Mobile Device Management (MDM) systems in an enterprise environment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-123">HoloLens 2 is designed specifically to be managed by Mobile Device Management (MDM) systems in an enterprise environment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-124">Microsoft [Intune](https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/enterprise-mobility-security/microsoft-intune), part of the Enterprise Mobility + Security, is a cloud-based MDM system that manages devices in the enterprise.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-124">Microsoft [Intune](https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/enterprise-mobility-security/microsoft-intune), part of the Enterprise Mobility + Security, is a cloud-based MDM system that manages devices in the enterprise.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-125">Like Office 365, Intune uses Azure AD for identity management, so employees use the same credentials to enroll devices in Intune that they use to sign into Office 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-125">Like Office 365, Intune uses Azure AD for identity management, so employees use the same credentials to enroll devices in Intune that they use to sign into Office 365.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-126">Multiple MDM systems support Windows 10 and most support personal and corporate device deployment scenarios.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-126">Multiple MDM systems support Windows 10 and most support personal and corporate device deployment scenarios.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-127">MDM systems can also manage application deployments and updates for the HoloLens 2 as well.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-127">MDM systems can also manage application deployments and updates for the HoloLens 2 as well.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-128">Other MDM providers that support HoloLens 2 currently include: AirWatch, MobileIron, and others.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-128">Other MDM providers that support HoloLens 2 currently include: AirWatch, MobileIron, and others.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-129">All MDM system vendors have equal access to Windows 10 device management configuration service providers (CSP)s, giving IT organizations the freedom to select whichever system best fits their management requirements, whether Microsoft Intune or a third-party MDM product.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-129">All MDM system vendors have equal access to Windows 10 device management configuration service providers (CSP)s, giving IT organizations the freedom to select whichever system best fits their management requirements, whether Microsoft Intune or a third-party MDM product.</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-130">Traditional on premises PC management systems like System Center Configuration Manager are not supported on HoloLens 2.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-130">Traditional on premises PC management systems like System Center Configuration Manager are not supported on HoloLens 2.</span></span>

### <span data-ttu-id="22d85-131">Windows Update for Business</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-131">Windows Update for Business</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="22d85-132">Microsoft ha progettato il servizio Windows Update for Business per fornire agli amministratori IT altre funzionalità di gestione basate su Windows Update, ad esempio la possibilità di distribuire gli aggiornamenti a gruppi di dispositivi e di definire finestre di manutenzione per l'installazione degli aggiornamenti.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-132">Microsoft designed Windows Update for Business to provide IT administrators with additional Windows Update-centric management capabilities, such as the ability to deploy updates to groups of devices and to define maintenance windows for installing updates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-133">Details for managing HoloLens 2 updates can be found [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/hololens-updates).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-133">Details for managing HoloLens 2 updates can be found [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/hololens-updates).</span></span>

### <span data-ttu-id="22d85-134">Certificates</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-134">Certificates</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="22d85-135">HoloLens 2 supports deployment of certificates through MDM if your environment requires certificates for Corp Wi-Fi network authentication or access to other resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-135">HoloLens 2 supports deployment of certificates through MDM if your environment requires certificates for Corp Wi-Fi network authentication or access to other resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-136">Some MDM infrastructure configurations may be required to enable certificate deployments to HoloLens 2.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-136">Some MDM infrastructure configurations may be required to enable certificate deployments to HoloLens 2.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-137">Read about how to [prepare certificates and network profiles for HoloLens 2](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/hololens-certificates-network).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-137">Read about how to [prepare certificates and network profiles for HoloLens 2](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/hololens-certificates-network).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-138">Intune details can be found [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/mem/intune/protect/certificates-configure).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-138">Intune details can be found [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/mem/intune/protect/certificates-configure).</span></span>

## <span data-ttu-id="22d85-139">Configure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-139">Configure</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-140">MDM administrators can define and implement policy settings on any corporate device enrolled in an MDM system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-140">MDM administrators can define and implement policy settings on any corporate device enrolled in an MDM system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-141">What configuration settings you use will differ based on the deployment scenario.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-141">What configuration settings you use will differ based on the deployment scenario.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-142">In Windows 10, Configuration Service Providers (CSP)s are an interface to read, set, modify, or delete configuration settings on the device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-142">In Windows 10, Configuration Service Providers (CSP)s are an interface to read, set, modify, or delete configuration settings on the device.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-143">These settings map to registry keys or files.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-143">These settings map to registry keys or files.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-144">For more information about Windows 10 device management CSPs for HoloLens 2, see the full list of [CSPs supported in HoloLens devices](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/client-management/mdm/configuration-service-provider-reference#hololens).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-144">For more information about Windows 10 device management CSPs for HoloLens 2, see the full list of [CSPs supported in HoloLens devices](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/client-management/mdm/configuration-service-provider-reference#hololens).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-145">HoloLens 2 also supports setting a limited set of CSP configurations through custom Provisioning Packages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-145">HoloLens 2 also supports setting a limited set of CSP configurations through custom Provisioning Packages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-146">Provisioning Packages are typically leveraged for non-MDM managed devices and require to be manually applied to each device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-146">Provisioning Packages are typically leveraged for non-MDM managed devices and require to be manually applied to each device.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-147">More information in building custom Provisioning Packages can be found [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/hololens-provisioning).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-147">More information in building custom Provisioning Packages can be found [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/hololens-provisioning).</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-148">HoloLens 2 supports [Windows Autopilot](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/deployment/windows-autopilot/windows-autopilot), providing an easy and simple process for managing your corporate Windows 10 device configurations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-148">HoloLens 2 supports [Windows Autopilot](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/deployment/windows-autopilot/windows-autopilot), providing an easy and simple process for managing your corporate Windows 10 device configurations.</span></span>

### <span data-ttu-id="22d85-149">Identity Management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-149">Identity Management</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-150">Employees can use only one account to initialize a device so it&#39;s imperative that your organization controls which account is enabled first.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-150">Employees can use only one account to initialize a device so it&#39;s imperative that your organization controls which account is enabled first.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-151">The account chosen will determine who controls the device and influence your management capabilities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-151">The account chosen will determine who controls the device and influence your management capabilities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-152">HoloLens 2 supports 3 account types: Local User account, personal Microsoft Account, and Azure Active Directory Accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-152">HoloLens 2 supports 3 account types: Local User account, personal Microsoft Account, and Azure Active Directory Accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-153">It is highly recommended to leverage Azure Active Directory for your enterprise identity management solution, as it will enable the full capabilities on your HoloLens 2 devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-153">It is highly recommended to leverage Azure Active Directory for your enterprise identity management solution, as it will enable the full capabilities on your HoloLens 2 devices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-154">More details regarding Identities on HoloLens 2 can be found [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/hololens-identity).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-154">More details regarding Identities on HoloLens 2 can be found [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/hololens-identity).</span></span>

### <span data-ttu-id="22d85-155">Network and Connectivity</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-155">Network and Connectivity</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-156">As HoloLens 2 is a cloud first device, network access to online resources is required for full functionality and capabilities to be made available.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-156">As HoloLens 2 is a cloud first device, network access to online resources is required for full functionality and capabilities to be made available.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-157">If you are deploying HoloLens 2 devices with connectivity to your corporate intranet network, you may be required to update your proxy/firewall rules to allow access to HoloLens 2 cloud services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-157">If you are deploying HoloLens 2 devices with connectivity to your corporate intranet network, you may be required to update your proxy/firewall rules to allow access to HoloLens 2 cloud services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-158">A list of common endpoints needed for the HoloLens 2 operating system can be found [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/hololens-offline).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-158">A list of common endpoints needed for the HoloLens 2 operating system can be found [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/hololens-offline).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-159">Access to additional endpoints may be required for applications or other cloud services to run on HoloLens 2 successfully.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-159">Access to additional endpoints may be required for applications or other cloud services to run on HoloLens 2 successfully.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-160">Some common HoloLens 2 services requiring additional endpoint access are as follows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-160">Some common HoloLens 2 services requiring additional endpoint access are as follows:</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="22d85-161">Intune</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-161">Intune</span></span>](https://docs.microsoft.com/mem/intune/fundamentals/intune-endpoints)
- [<span data-ttu-id="22d85-162">D365 Guides</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-162">D365 Guides</span></span>](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/2655102/internet-accessible-urls-required-for-connectivity-to-microsoft-dynami)
- [<span data-ttu-id="22d85-163">D365 Remote Assist (O365 Teams Infrastructure)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-163">D365 Remote Assist (O365 Teams Infrastructure)</span></span>](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/enterprise/urls-and-ip-address-ranges#skype-for-business-online-and-microsoft-teams)

### <span data-ttu-id="22d85-164">Certificate Deployment</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-164">Certificate Deployment</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-165">If certificates are required for access to corporate Wi-Fi networks or other services within your organization, HoloLens 2 supports user and device certificate deployment through MDM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-165">If certificates are required for access to corporate Wi-Fi networks or other services within your organization, HoloLens 2 supports user and device certificate deployment through MDM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-166">Note: Your MDM solution may require additional infrastructure configuration to deploy certificates to Windows 10 devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-166">Note: Your MDM solution may require additional infrastructure configuration to deploy certificates to Windows 10 devices.</span></span>

### <span data-ttu-id="22d85-167">Security Review</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-167">Security Review</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-168">Most enterprise IT departments will require assessment and review of new devices being deployed to a corporate enterprise network.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-168">Most enterprise IT departments will require assessment and review of new devices being deployed to a corporate enterprise network.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-169">If your organization is requiring a security review of HoloLens 2, you can [find more details here to assist with obtaining security approvals](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/security-overview).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-169">If your organization is requiring a security review of HoloLens 2, you can [find more details here to assist with obtaining security approvals](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/security-overview).</span></span>

### <span data-ttu-id="22d85-170">Common HoloLens 2 Device Settings</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-170">Common HoloLens 2 Device Settings</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-171">When deploying HoloLens 2 devices to a corporate enterprise environment, there are a number of common device configurations that may be considered when planning out your deployment of HoloLens 2.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-171">When deploying HoloLens 2 devices to a corporate enterprise environment, there are a number of common device configurations that may be considered when planning out your deployment of HoloLens 2.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-172">This list highlights configurations and settings that are found to be quite common, and does not comprise of a full list of available options:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-172">This list highlights configurations and settings that are found to be quite common, and does not comprise of a full list of available options:</span></span>

| <span data-ttu-id="22d85-173">Device Setting</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-173">Device Setting</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="22d85-174">Brief description.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-174">Brief description.</span></span>                                                                              |
|----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [<span data-ttu-id="22d85-175">Hardware restrictions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-175">Hardware restrictions</span></span>](hololens-requirements.md#hardware-restrictions)               | <span data-ttu-id="22d85-176">Hardware restrictions reduce connectivity and assist in data protection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-176">Hardware restrictions reduce connectivity and assist in data protection.</span></span>                        |
| [<span data-ttu-id="22d85-177">Wi-Fi profiles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-177">Wi-Fi profiles</span></span>](hololens-requirements.md#wi-fi-profiles)               | <span data-ttu-id="22d85-178">Configure Wi-Fi profiles without user intervention or interaction.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-178">Configure Wi-Fi profiles without user intervention or interaction.</span></span>                              |
| [<span data-ttu-id="22d85-179">Certificates</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-179">Certificates</span></span>](hololens-requirements.md#certificates-1)               | <span data-ttu-id="22d85-180">Provide account and/or Wi-Fi authentication, VPN encryption, and SSL encryption of web content.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-180">Provide account and/or Wi-Fi authentication, VPN encryption, and SSL encryption of web content.</span></span> |
| [<span data-ttu-id="22d85-181">Proxy</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-181">Proxy</span></span>](hololens-requirements.md#proxy)              | <span data-ttu-id="22d85-182">Manage internal traffic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-182">Manage internal traffic.</span></span>                                                                        |
|  [<span data-ttu-id="22d85-183">VPN</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-183">VPN</span></span>](hololens-requirements.md#vpn)              | <span data-ttu-id="22d85-184">Control access to apps and resources on their company's intranet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-184">Control access to apps and resources on their company's intranet.</span></span>                               |
| [<span data-ttu-id="22d85-185">Kiosk Mode</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-185">Kiosk Mode</span></span>](hololens-requirements.md#kiosk-mode) | <span data-ttu-id="22d85-186">Limits the applications that are presented to users via UI.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-186">Limits the applications that are presented to users via UI.</span></span> |

#### <span data-ttu-id="22d85-187">Hardware restrictions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-187">Hardware restrictions</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-188">HoloLens 2 uses state-of-the-art technology that includes popular hardware features such as cameras, microphones, speakers, USB interfaces, Bluetooth interfaces, and Wi-Fi.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-188">HoloLens 2 uses state-of-the-art technology that includes popular hardware features such as cameras, microphones, speakers, USB interfaces, Bluetooth interfaces, and Wi-Fi.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-189">You can use hardware restrictions to control the availability of these features.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-189">You can use hardware restrictions to control the availability of these features.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-190">The following lists the most commonly used MDM settings that HoloLens 2 supports to configure hardware restrictions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-190">The following lists the most commonly used MDM settings that HoloLens 2 supports to configure hardware restrictions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-191">Some of these hardware restrictions provide connectivity and assist in data protection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-191">Some of these hardware restrictions provide connectivity and assist in data protection.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="22d85-192">[**Allow WiFi:**](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/client-management/mdm/policy-csp-wifi#wifi-allowwifi) Whether users can enable and use the Wi-Fi radio on their devices</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-192">[**Allow WiFi:**](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/client-management/mdm/policy-csp-wifi#wifi-allowwifi) Whether users can enable and use the Wi-Fi radio on their devices</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="22d85-193">[**Allow USB Connection:**](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/client-management/mdm/policy-csp-connectivity#connectivity-allowusbconnection) Whether the USB connection is enabled (doesn&#39;t affect USB charging)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-193">[**Allow USB Connection:**](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/client-management/mdm/policy-csp-connectivity#connectivity-allowusbconnection) Whether the USB connection is enabled (doesn&#39;t affect USB charging)</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="22d85-194">[**Allow Bluetooth:**](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/client-management/mdm/policy-csp-connectivity#connectivity-allowbluetooth) Whether users can enable and use the Bluetooth radio on their devices</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-194">[**Allow Bluetooth:**](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/client-management/mdm/policy-csp-connectivity#connectivity-allowbluetooth) Whether users can enable and use the Bluetooth radio on their devices</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-195">Read more about other [common device restrictions.](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/hololens-common-device-restrictions)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-195">Read more about other [common device restrictions.](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/hololens-common-device-restrictions)</span></span>

#### <span data-ttu-id="22d85-196">Wi-Fi profiles</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-196">Wi-Fi profiles</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-197">Most corporate Wi-Fi networks require certificates and other complex information to restrict and secure user access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-197">Most corporate Wi-Fi networks require certificates and other complex information to restrict and secure user access.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-198">This advanced Wi-Fi information is difficult for typical users to configure, but MDM systems can fully configure these Wi-Fi profiles without user intervention.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-198">This advanced Wi-Fi information is difficult for typical users to configure, but MDM systems can fully configure these Wi-Fi profiles without user intervention.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-199">You can create multiple Wi-Fi profiles in your MDM system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-199">You can create multiple Wi-Fi profiles in your MDM system.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-200">For more details on Wi-Fi settings for Windows 10, see [Enterprise Profile WiFi settings](https://docs.microsoft.com/mem/intune/configuration/wi-fi-settings-windows#enterprise-profile).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-200">For more details on Wi-Fi settings for Windows 10, see [Enterprise Profile WiFi settings](https://docs.microsoft.com/mem/intune/configuration/wi-fi-settings-windows#enterprise-profile).</span></span>

#### <span data-ttu-id="22d85-201">Certificates</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-201">Certificates</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-202">Certificates help improve security by providing account authentication, Wi-Fi authentication, VPN encryption, and SSL encryption of web content.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-202">Certificates help improve security by providing account authentication, Wi-Fi authentication, VPN encryption, and SSL encryption of web content.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-203">Although administrators can manage certificates on devices manually through provisioning packages, it&#39;s a best practice to use your MDM system to manage those certificates throughout their entire lifecycle – from enrollment through renewal and revocation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-203">Although administrators can manage certificates on devices manually through provisioning packages, it&#39;s a best practice to use your MDM system to manage those certificates throughout their entire lifecycle – from enrollment through renewal and revocation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-204">Your MDM system can automatically deploy these certificates to the devices&#39; certificate stores after you enroll the device (as long as the MDM system supports the Simple Certificate Enrollment Protocol (SCEP) or Public Key Cryptography Standards #12 (PKCS#12)).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-204">Your MDM system can automatically deploy these certificates to the devices&#39; certificate stores after you enroll the device (as long as the MDM system supports the Simple Certificate Enrollment Protocol (SCEP) or Public Key Cryptography Standards #12 (PKCS#12)).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-205">MDM can also query and delete enrolled client certificates or trigger a new enrollment request before the current certificate is expired.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-205">MDM can also query and delete enrolled client certificates or trigger a new enrollment request before the current certificate is expired.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-206">Read more about how to [prepare certificates and network profiles for HoloLens 2.](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/hololens-certificates-network)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-206">Read more about how to [prepare certificates and network profiles for HoloLens 2.](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/hololens-certificates-network)</span></span>

#### <span data-ttu-id="22d85-207">Proxy</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-207">Proxy</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-208">Most corporate intranet networks leverage a proxy to manage internal traffic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-208">Most corporate intranet networks leverage a proxy to manage internal traffic.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-209">With HoloLens 2 you can configure a proxy server for ethernet and Wi-Fi connections.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-209">With HoloLens 2 you can configure a proxy server for ethernet and Wi-Fi connections.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-210">These settings do not apply to VPN connections.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-210">These settings do not apply to VPN connections.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-211">For more details on proxy settings for Windows 10, see [NetworkProxy CSP](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/client-management/mdm/networkproxy-csp).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-211">For more details on proxy settings for Windows 10, see [NetworkProxy CSP](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/client-management/mdm/networkproxy-csp).</span></span>

#### <span data-ttu-id="22d85-212">VPN</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-212">VPN</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-213">Organizations often use a VPN to control access to apps and resources on their company&#39;s intranet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-213">Organizations often use a VPN to control access to apps and resources on their company&#39;s intranet.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-214">HoloLens 2 supports SSL VPN connections, which require a downloadable plugin from the Microsoft Store and are specific to the VPN vendor of your choice.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-214">HoloLens 2 supports SSL VPN connections, which require a downloadable plugin from the Microsoft Store and are specific to the VPN vendor of your choice.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-215">For more details about VPN profiles, see the [VPNv2 CSP](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/windows/hardware/dn914776(v=vs.85).aspx)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-215">For more details about VPN profiles, see the [VPNv2 CSP](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/windows/hardware/dn914776(v=vs.85).aspx)</span></span>

#### <span data-ttu-id="22d85-216">Kiosk Mode</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-216">Kiosk Mode</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-217">You can configure a HoloLens 2 device to function as a fixed-purpose device, also called a kiosk, by configuring the device to run in kiosk mode.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-217">You can configure a HoloLens 2 device to function as a fixed-purpose device, also called a kiosk, by configuring the device to run in kiosk mode.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-218">Kiosk mode limits the applications (or users) that are available on the device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-218">Kiosk mode limits the applications (or users) that are available on the device.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-219">Kiosk mode is a convenient feature that you can use to dedicate a HoloLens 2 device to business apps, or to use the HoloLens 2 device in an app demo.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-219">Kiosk mode is a convenient feature that you can use to dedicate a HoloLens 2 device to business apps, or to use the HoloLens 2 device in an app demo.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-220">For more details about configuring a HoloLens 2 in Kiosk Mode, see [Setup HoloLens as a Kiosk](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/hololens-kiosk)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-220">For more details about configuring a HoloLens 2 in Kiosk Mode, see [Setup HoloLens as a Kiosk](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/hololens-kiosk)</span></span>

## <span data-ttu-id="22d85-221">Deploy</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-221">Deploy</span></span>

### <span data-ttu-id="22d85-222">MDM Device Enrollment</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-222">MDM Device Enrollment</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-223">For enterprise deployments, it is recommended to [enroll devices](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/hololens-enroll-mdm) into MDM as corporate devices only with Azure AD join and automatic MDM enrollment (AAD+MDM).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-223">For enterprise deployments, it is recommended to [enroll devices](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/hololens-enroll-mdm) into MDM as corporate devices only with Azure AD join and automatic MDM enrollment (AAD+MDM).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-224">This requires Azure AD Premium and supports automatic enrollment to several MDM providers including Intune.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-224">This requires Azure AD Premium and supports automatic enrollment to several MDM providers including Intune.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-225">Learn more about the self-deploying enrollment method [Autopilot](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/hololens2-autopilot).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-225">Learn more about the self-deploying enrollment method [Autopilot](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/hololens2-autopilot).</span></span>

### <span data-ttu-id="22d85-226">Application Deployment</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-226">Application Deployment</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-227">User productivity on mobile devices is often driven by apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-227">User productivity on mobile devices is often driven by apps.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-228">Windows 10 makes it possible to develop apps that work seamlessly across multiple devices using the Universal Windows Platform (UWP) for Windows apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-228">Windows 10 makes it possible to develop apps that work seamlessly across multiple devices using the Universal Windows Platform (UWP) for Windows apps.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-229">There are multiple ways to deploy applications to HoloLens 2 devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-229">There are multiple ways to deploy applications to HoloLens 2 devices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-230">Apps can be deployed directly through MDM, the Microsoft Store for Business, or sideloaded through a Provisioning Package.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-230">Apps can be deployed directly through MDM, the Microsoft Store for Business, or sideloaded through a Provisioning Package.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-231">More [details regarding app deployment can be found here](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/app-deploy-overview).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-231">More [details regarding app deployment can be found here](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/app-deploy-overview).</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-232">HoloLens 2 supports running of UWP ARM64 apps only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-232">HoloLens 2 supports running of UWP ARM64 apps only.</span></span>

## <span data-ttu-id="22d85-233">Maintain</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-233">Maintain</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-234">Negli ambienti IT aziendali occorre trovare il giusto compromesso tra le esigenze di sicurezza e controllo dei costi e la volontà di offrire le tecnologie più recenti agli utenti.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-234">In enterprise IT environments, the need for security and cost control must be balanced against the desire to provide users with the latest technologies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-235">Since cyberattacks have become an everyday occurrence, it is important to properly maintain the state of your Windows 10 devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-235">Since cyberattacks have become an everyday occurrence, it is important to properly maintain the state of your Windows 10 devices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-236">IT needs to control configuration settings, keeping them from drifting out of compliance, as well as enforce which devices can access internal applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-236">IT needs to control configuration settings, keeping them from drifting out of compliance, as well as enforce which devices can access internal applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-237">HoloLens 2 delivers the mobile operations management capabilities necessary to ensure that devices are in compliance with corporate policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-237">HoloLens 2 delivers the mobile operations management capabilities necessary to ensure that devices are in compliance with corporate policy.</span></span>

### <span data-ttu-id="22d85-238">OS Servicing options</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-238">OS Servicing options</span></span>

**<span data-ttu-id="22d85-239">A streamlined update process</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-239">A streamlined update process</span></span>**

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-240">Microsoft ha semplificato il ciclo di progettazione e rilascio dei prodotti Windows in modo da riuscire a fornire le nuove funzionalità, esperienze e caratteristiche richieste dal mercato molto più velocemente che nel passato.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-240">Microsoft has streamlined the Windows product engineering and release cycle so new features, experiences, and functionality demanded by the market can be delivered more quickly than ever before.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-241">Microsoft plans to deliver two Feature Updates per year (12-month period).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-241">Microsoft plans to deliver two Feature Updates per year (12-month period).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-242">**Feature Updates** establish a Current Branch or CB, and have an associated version.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-242">**Feature Updates** establish a Current Branch or CB, and have an associated version.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-243">Microsoft will also deliver and install updates for security and stability directly to HoloLens 2 devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-243">Microsoft will also deliver and install updates for security and stability directly to HoloLens 2 devices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-244">These **Quality Updates** , released under Microsoft control via Windows Update, are available monthly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-244">These **Quality Updates** , released under Microsoft control via Windows Update, are available monthly.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-245">HoloLens 2 consumes Feature Updates and Quality Updates as part of the same standard update process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-245">HoloLens 2 consumes Feature Updates and Quality Updates as part of the same standard update process.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-246">Enterprise customers can manage the update experience and process on HoloLens 2s using an MDM system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-246">Enterprise customers can manage the update experience and process on HoloLens 2s using an MDM system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-247">In most cases, policies to manage the update process will apply to both feature and quality updates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-247">In most cases, policies to manage the update process will apply to both feature and quality updates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-248">More details in [configuring MDM for HoloLens updates](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/hololens-updates).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-248">More details in [configuring MDM for HoloLens updates](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/hololens-updates).</span></span>

### <span data-ttu-id="22d85-249">Managing Applications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-249">Managing Applications</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-250">IT administrators can control which apps are allowed to be installed on the HoloLens 2 and how they should be kept up-to-date.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-250">IT administrators can control which apps are allowed to be installed on the HoloLens 2 and how they should be kept up-to-date.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-251">HoloLens 2 supports [Windows Defender Application Control (WDAC)](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/windows-defender-application-control-wdac), which enables administrators to create, allow, or disallow lists of apps from the Microsoft Store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-251">HoloLens 2 supports [Windows Defender Application Control (WDAC)](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/windows-defender-application-control-wdac), which enables administrators to create, allow, or disallow lists of apps from the Microsoft Store.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-252">This capability extends to built-in apps, as well.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-252">This capability extends to built-in apps, as well.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-253">The ability to allow or deny apps helps to ensure that people use their devices for their intended purposes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-253">The ability to allow or deny apps helps to ensure that people use their devices for their intended purposes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-254">However, it is not always an easy approach to find a balance between what employees need or request and security concerns.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-254">However, it is not always an easy approach to find a balance between what employees need or request and security concerns.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-255">Creating allow or disallow lists also requires keeping up with the changing app landscape in the Microsoft Store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-255">Creating allow or disallow lists also requires keeping up with the changing app landscape in the Microsoft Store.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-256">For more details, see [Application Control CSP](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/client-management/mdm/applicationcontrol-csp).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-256">For more details, see [Application Control CSP](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/client-management/mdm/applicationcontrol-csp).</span></span>

### <span data-ttu-id="22d85-257">Retire</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-257">Retire</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-258">Device retirement is the last phase of the device lifecycle.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-258">Device retirement is the last phase of the device lifecycle.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-259">It&#39;s important that devices being replaced with newer models are securely retired since you don&#39;t want any company data to remain on discarded devices that could compromise the confidentiality of your data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-259">It&#39;s important that devices being replaced with newer models are securely retired since you don&#39;t want any company data to remain on discarded devices that could compromise the confidentiality of your data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-260">IT also needs a way to adequately support users who need to wipe devices that are lost or stolen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-260">IT also needs a way to adequately support users who need to wipe devices that are lost or stolen.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-261">HoloLens 2 supports 3 methods of wiping the device</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-261">HoloLens 2 supports 3 methods of wiping the device</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-262">**MDM Factory Wipe:** Resets the HoloLens 2 back to the factory image via administrator-initiated MDM command.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-262">**MDM Factory Wipe:** Resets the HoloLens 2 back to the factory image via administrator-initiated MDM command.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-263">Erases all stored data on the device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-263">Erases all stored data on the device.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-264">**Device Reset from within Settings:** End users can manually reset the HoloLens 2 within the Settings app on the device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-264">**Device Reset from within Settings:** End users can manually reset the HoloLens 2 within the Settings app on the device.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-265">Erases all stored data on the device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-265">Erases all stored data on the device.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="22d85-266">**Advanced Recovery Companion (ARC):** From a PC running the ARC tool, a user or admin can flash a HoloLens 2 connected to the PC via USB cable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-266">**Advanced Recovery Companion (ARC):** From a PC running the ARC tool, a user or admin can flash a HoloLens 2 connected to the PC via USB cable.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="22d85-267">Erases all stored data on the device.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="22d85-267">Erases all stored data on the device.</span></span>
